{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset204 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red68\green16\blue76;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28300\viewh16060\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs26 \cf2 1. In general, if the advantage of using BigJob can be emphasized clearly comparing with using conventional way, it will be more easy to understand concept of it.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Yes, we should do that. But this paper is not about Bigjob -- its about\
understanding the advantages of diff RE algorithm..\
and teasing out the roles of the implememntation.\cf2 \
\
\
2. If the lines of most of figures make thicker, recognizability will increase.\
\
\cf0 OK. I'll leave it for Abhinav to address. -- fixed\
\
3. On page 4, end of line, "across multiple, heterogeneous, distributed grid..."\
-> was it done across heterogeneous machines? - should we remove heterogeneous?\
\
4. On page 5, "If a new job is found and resources are available, the job\
is dispatched, otherwise it is queued."\
-> 'new job is found' means that the previous subjob is finished, right?\
\'a0 Is it possible there are no resources for new subjob in BigJob? - fixed\cf2 \
\
\
5. On page 6,\
-> Can you add flow chart diagram for 'Centralized Vs. Decentralized RE-Manager'?\
\
\cf0 Hmm, missing something: Isn't that already there?\
\
Nayong asked for a simplified representation of centralised and decentralised - instead of having SAGA-BigJob/advert service and other components in the figure.\cf2 \
\
\
6. On page 8,\
-> Numbers on Table 1, should be center of each boxes.\
\
Yes. - fixed\
\
7. On page 10, "Also, we observed some delays at the BigJob-Agent during the startup of the replicas sub-jobs mainly due to the fact that the BigJob-Agent is single-threaded and thus, is busy processing other replicas after their termination",\
-> Any proves or numbers or durations of it?\
\
\cf0 good point. - should we do something about this? we discussed this earlier...\cf2 \
\
\
8. On page 10, (a) Scale -Up,\
\
-> QB supports upto 2048 processors, then why maximum 64 replicas(1024 processors?) had run on QB? - Nayong told me that this is too many details and confusing. He suggested that we should just say that we ran upto 64 on QB and above 64 on ranger.\
\
-> Is there any data to compare QB/Ranger? For example, if 32 replicas case run on both QB and Ranger, the simulation might be different, right? - He was asking us to provide some comparison of experiments on QB and Ranger. Maybe a scale-up graph for Ranger. - It would be nice if we did.\
\
9. On page 11, Figure 3,\
-> Is there any special reason of using different gap on X-axes? Distance between 4 to 8 is same as 128 to 256.\
\
This was also a good comment. You can see the graph that Nayong says will help understand the performance better in ./data/nayong_scaleup.pdf\
\
\cf0 Its a log scale base 2.\cf2 \
\
\
-> On the paper,'the number of times each replica is restarted to complete all exchanges remains constant', it seems not easy to understand using this figure.\
fixed\
\
-> Synchronous and Asynchronous(Centralized) line show parabolic shape, while Asynchronous(Decentralized) is not. Explanation?\
\
\cf0 Yes. fixed.\cf2 \
\
\
10. On page 13, Figure 4,\
-> Hard to find out the explanation for the reason of completion time in 32 replica case decreases as the number of machines increases from 2 to 4.\
\
\cf0 Good point.\cf2 \
\
\
-> Again, why the scale 1 to 2 is same as 2 to 4?\
\cf0 see above answer.\cf2 \
\
\
Summarizing, I like this paper w.r.t. concisely, conceptually well-constructed.\
And it shows well how we can use BigJob and how does it useful. In this view, can you highlight what BigJob can do, while what conventional way cannot do?\
\
\cf0 Ignore Bigjob for a moment. What did you learn about the RE algorithms? Did you understand the advantages / disadvantage of them? Is the lack of performance improvement due to implementation issues? etc etc.\
\
}